What happens for each of these steps?

Lists

Section #1
List style circle inside creates a unfilled circle bullet, the circle inside also changes the spacing.
List style circle outside moves the unfilled circle bullet over to the left more.
List style square, the bullet changes to a square but the lineup remains the same
List style none gets ride of all bullets
List style border 2 px solid, shows you the box that all of the information is contained in.
Padding on 10px aligns all of the body text with the left margin, seen because of red border.
Padding left 40px creates 40 px of space on the left.
All of the text becomes flush with the red border. No space.


Section #2
"#list1 li" dashed black borders appear around each list item.
When 10px of white space is added, it appears around every list item. It moves the borders away 10 px.
When the width is set to 200px, the boxes become smaller horizontally.
When the margin is set to 20px, the bullets and list items are moved over. A larger space appears in between them as well.
display: inline causes the list items to fall in line with one another. the bullets disappear. creating a menu bar, could use this feature
Block gets rid of all of the bullets, the list items return back to vertical alignment
display inline-block is a mixture between block and in line. There are larger spaces in between, but they are lined up horizontal then the overflow begin
to line up on the next horizontal line.

Columns/Floats

Section #1
Floated both of the columns right. Did what you would expect, they both moved slightly right and lined up with r margin
Both columns float to the left and line up flush with the left margin.
Float one right, one left, both are flush with the margin that was specified.
Testdiv1 is at 60%, its size changes as the screen size changes.
The largest size you can go is 40%. Any more than 40%, the columns become vertical.
When you adjust the screen size, they stack again, even though the largest size stayed the same.
After playing with the margin and padding, getting rid of each margin and padding entirely, the boxes ran into
one another.
I copied the testDiv2 and created testDiv3.
I got all of the columns to be the same size with a width of 25%, height of 20%. Margin and Padding.
